hey guys it's Charlie and today I'm
actually going to share a really good
deal that's going on right now thank you
to the subscriber who sent it to me she
wanted to make sure I was able to get it
out there to my subscribers so I really
appreciate you guys because you look out
for each other and you're looking for
deals and things like that this is for
those of you who are looking to get your
tehsil certificate this is what I got in
2010 before I went to Korea it's really
good if you're looking to travel and
teach abroad so that you can have income
while you're traveling so the tehsil
certificate that I got was 150 hours for
three hundred and fifty dollars the cell
that's going on right now is actually on
groupon com and it's a hundred and sixty
hours for only seventy dollars so for
those of you who are looking for to get
your test certificate if you've been
waiting for the right time waiting for a
good deal and searching for a good deal
this was actually the best deal I've
ever seen so I think you guys should
take this hi gram what was that yeah
have you can go inside it's unlock are
reporting a video huh no it's okay it's
unlocked so it's fun somali be good so
any of you who are looking to get your
test certificate right now this is the
best time because I've never seen it for
so low of a price so it's only seventy
dollars for 160 hours so the website is
groupon com all you have to do is type
in in the search engine tehsil tesol and
the option will come up so I think
whoever is looking or waiting to get
their type of certificate should really
look into this offer and take it up
before it goes away and thank you guys
for watching and subscribing if you guys
find any deals like this for traveling
teaching working abroad whatever be sure
to message me so that i can let other
people know about deals like this thank
you all for watching and subscribing and
i'll see you in the next video bye